Update readme to include v3 command execution (#2109)
kyma-project/cli: README.md

<!-- markdown-link-check-disable-next-line -->
[![REUSE status](https://api.reuse.software/badge/github.com/kyma-project/cli)](https://api.reuse.software/info/github.com/kyma-project/cli)

# Kyma CLI

> [!WARNING]
> The Kyma CLI version `v2`, with all commands available within this version, is deprecated. We've started designing the `v3` commands that will be first released within the `alpha` command group.
> Read more about the decision [here](https://github.com/kyma-project/community/issues/872).

Kyma CLI is a command line tool which supports [Kyma](https://github.com/kyma-project/kyma) users.

## Usage

> ### Import image into kyma's internal docker registry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Import Image Into Kyma's Internal Docker Registry
```

> [!NOTE]

> > The following `image-import` command requires `docker-registry` module to be [installed](https://github.com/kyma-project/docker-registry?tab=readme-ov-file#install) on you kyma runtime

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> To use the following `image-import` command, you must [install the Docker Registry module](https://github.com/kyma-project/docker-registry?tab=readme-ov-file#install) on your Kyma runtime
```

```
docker pull kennethreitz/httpbin

go run main.go image-import kennethreitz/httpbin:latest
```

> Run a pod from locally hosted image

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Run a Pod from a locally hosted image
```

```
kubectl run my-pod --image=localhost:32137/kennethreitz/httpbin:latest --overrides='{ "spec": { "imagePullSecrets": [ { "name": "dockerregistry-config" } ] } }'

```
## Development

> To build a kyma cli binary run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build a Kyma CLI binary, run:
```

```
go build -o kyma-cli  main.go
```

> You can run a command directly from the go code. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can run the command directly from the go code. For example:
```
